This Curriculum Vitae is destined to any person I could personally send it to in order to get a job that does not need any required level of education/degree, such as someone who is hiring for a restaurant, a local store, a cinema, etc. I have created it with all real information of myself, with information on the different work environments I have experienced and skills I have acquired over the years that could help me get a position in the company.

My CV has two big groups: the column on the left, which is used to add additional information about myself, such as ways to contact me, the different languages I know and some specific titles I have acquired, as well as a photo of myself. The other big group is the rest of the page on the right side, which is the main body of the page, containing all of my work experience, with information on each of these, all of my education done over the years, and the different skills I have acquired thanks to my professional journey, as well as dates on all of these achievements over the course of my life.
This second one is larger than the first, to make it clear that it is the more important part of the page. 

For its visual design, I played with the colors white and lightish blue, just so it is a little colorful and not full on black and white. I put an image of myself on the top left corner (a classic), and used separators between the different topics in order to make it clear on the inverviewer when a bit starts and ends, and also to help him/her where to look when searching for something specific. I have also played with variants on the color black (mainly in the main body) to separate titles, with information about these, and their respective dates, all to make it pleasant to read and distinguish the different parts. For the font, I went with one that is not as much used as other ones, but that looks overall professional: cambria.
I have also played with the font size, giving more protagonism to the most critic information, as titles and such, to bring myself closer to the position.

LINK to the Figma page: https://www.figma.com/proto/ekHoINyN1ZiS5XNmSm3ibB/Curr%C3%ADculum-Vitae?node-id=2-3
